improvement: add `redirects` config, and documentation explaining it (#1952)
elixir-lang/ex_doc: README.md

For more details and configuration options, see the [Mermaid usage docs](https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid/#/usage).

## Changing documentation over time

As your project grows, your documentation may very likely change, even structurally. There are a few important things to consider in this regard:

- Links to your *extras* will break if you change or move file names.
- Links to your *modules, and mix tasks* will change if you change their name.
- Links to *functions* are actually links to modules with anchor links. If you change the function name, the link does
  not break but will leave users at the top of the module's documentation.

> Because these docs are static files, when a user gets to a page that is not found, they will see a generic 404 page.

Author: Can we fix this on `hexdocs.pm`? On a not found page for a package that actually exists, could we render a nicer message, or at least a link to the page?

Example not found page: https://hexdocs.pm/ash/something-random

![CleanShot 2024-09-17 at 08 49 56](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1f30d387-2379-4c84-982f-fa91465ee8f5)

Reviewer: You would have to ask them.

> Because these docs are static files, when a user gets to a page that is not found, they will see a generic 404 page.
> They will not be redirected to your package's home page. This can potentially be jarring for users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because these docs are static files, the behavior of a missing page will depend on where they are hosted.
In particular, [hexdocs.pm](https://hexdocs.pm) will show a 404 page.
```

You can improve the developer experience on everything but function names changing
by using the `redirects` configuration. For example, if you changed the module `MyApp.MyModule`
to `MyApp.My.Module` and the extra `get-started.md` to `quickstart.md`, you can
setup the following redirects:

> ```elixir

Reviewer: The docs in the README typically have examples for both Erlang/Elixir, so we would need to do that. Alternatively, you can move this the `mix docs` docs.

Author: Made it support lists of tuples in addition to maps, and used that syntax in the Erlang example.

> With this in mind, it is a good idea to preserve links to your old documentation. We do this with the `redirects` configuration.
> This can solve for everything but the function names changing.
> 
> For this example, we've changed the module `MyApp.MyModule` to `MyApp.My.Module`, and the extra `get-started.md` to `quickstart.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can improve the developer experience on everything but function names changing
by using the `redirects` configuration. For example, if you changed the module `MyApp.MyModule`
to `MyApp.My.Module` and the extra `get-started.md` to `quickstart.md`, you can
setup the following redirects:
```
